Go, go, let's go! Let's go Date Tech!
Attack! Attack, attack, attack, attack, Seijou!
Well?! Are they winning?!
Stop pushing!
Date Tech                 Aoba Jousai
At least the lead is only two points.
They're in the second set.
Who took the first set?
Um...
Apparently Seijou won the first set.
Ah, Karasuno!
H-Hey there...
Hey.
Heyo.
Hello!
Hey.
Karasuno's got some third-years left.
Yeah.
Now, how is our new team doing?
Makki!
Yeah!
Damn, they're seeing right through them.
Great, great, Takahiro!
Push it, push it, Takahiro! Do it again!
Rule the Court
Date Tech                 Aoba Jousai
Give us a good one, Hanamaki!
Sorry!
Kogane!
Got it!
Date Tech has a new setter.
Yeah.
I wonder what kind of set he'll...
What the heck was that?!
Leap and fly! High!
Flecked with blood, sweat, and tears
Those glistening wings can let you leave it all behind
So just fly
H
a
i
S
e
k
y
c
u
o
n
u
d
!
S
e
!
a
s
o
n
Fly high
Haikyuu
Second Season
!!
Haikyuu
Second Season
!!
Haikyuu
Second Season
!!
Into the distant future
H
a
i
k
y
u
H
a
i
k
y
u
S
e
c
o
n
d
S
e
a
s
o
n
S
e
c
o
n
d
S
e
a
s
o
n
!
The bruise-covered fledgling glares up at the sky
As the ones who've just found their wings laugh derisively
They just want to see the ends of the ocean
Empty your mind
Let the headwinds guide your approach
And with a hop, step, and a jump
Leap and fly! High!
Let your wings, glistening with blood, sweat, and tears
Take you to wherever you need to go
Unleash your unrefined impulses
Uncover your instincts and bare your uncut fangs
It may take an arduous path
But be torn down it endlessly to achieve your dream
So just fly
Fly high
Into the distant future
Episode Nineteen:
The Iron Wall Can Be Built Again and Again
Kogane!
Got it!
Yeah! Go!
Kogane's movements still seem rough.
Well, as long as the ball goes up.
Left!
Okay!
What the heck was that?!
I'm counting on you, Futakuchi!
It's too high!
I'm not good with high sets!
All right!
Sorry!
Good job, guys!
Shake it off, Futakuchi!
Y-You need to set it a little lower, Koganegawa.
Right! Lower!
Don't make it too low, though. I need it in between.
Right!
Do you really understand that?
Of course!
Olé!
Sorry.
No worries!
Date Tech's setter is a first-year, right?
Yeah.
He's really tall...
I hit it!
Yeah, he is.
That's our new weapon.
The giant setter, Koganegawa.
Giant...
...setter?
Huh?
Nice catch!
I'm sorry!
I'll do a hundred laps around the school to make up for it!
You should be practicing setting with that time!
H-He's still learning!
He just became a setter!
He'll be a huge deal eventually!
Th-Those kinds of mistakes happen all the time...
Well, um, he really has good potential! It's true!
You're making Karasuno's captain take pity on you, Moniwa.
Give us a good serve!
I used to be pretty cheeky,
so I'm sure I was quite a pain for my upperclassmen,
Bring it!
All right, bring it!
but I think being too serious all the time is a problem too.
Futakuchi is having trouble with his junior.
Serves him right!
Date Tech             Aoba Jousai
Give us a good serve, Matsukawa!
They can't afford to let them extend the lead.
Bring it!
You guys gotta stop it before it starts.
Left!
He's going for a setter dump,
and he's up high above the block, but...
it's completely obvious!
Huh?
Damn it.
Here's our chance!
Iwa!
Nice, Sakunami!
Finish it, Futakuchi!
I touched it!
Got it!
Makki!
Okay!
Number three, a wing spiker, is going to set?
Oikawa!
Shake it off.
Nice block, Kogane!
Learn to hold back, you idiot!
Right! Sorry!
Are you okay, Futakuchi?!
No, I'm not! That's why I'm
telling you to learn to hold back!
It's my fault for not being able to support everyone.
You were fine.
Yessir!
That...
is our new Iron Wall, Koganegawa.
New...
...Iron Wall.
He reworded it because it didn't work out so well earlier.
Looks like we're up against an annoying team again.
To be honest, that was sort of refreshing.
True.
I can hear you, you know!
Now then, what to do?
Nice receive!
Got it!
Kindaichi!
A counterattack!
All right!
They really are good.
There you go again! It's way too obvious!
Sorry, but a setter dump looks really cool,
so I can't help myself!
And that's why it's so obvious.
Look, you don't need to tip it over when you do a setter dump.
Huh?
What?
Date Tech             Aoba Jousai
Give us a good serve!
C'mon, Oikawa!
Olé!
Rule the Court
All right!
It looks like Seijou has the upper hand.
Date Tech is still flailing around.
Once their giant setter settles in,
I'm sure he'll be an amazing weapon.
Give us another good serve, Oikawa!
Olé!
Damn it!
It's going over the net!
Here's our chance!
Another fast attack is coming!
Left!
Center!
Number twelve!
Listen up.
Koganegawa's basically still a baby as a setter.
So you need to literally guide him along, Sakunami.
Go somewhere convenient for Koganegawa...
and receive!
Good!
When you receive the ball,
get it high enough for Koganegawa to do a jumping set.
It doesn't matter how close it is to the net.
He'll get it.
You don't need to try anything fancy yet.
Just get it from one high place...
...to another!
Nice spike, Aone!
Date Tech             Aoba Jousai
So fast! So high!
He put it right where the spiker was going to hit it.
That's definitely a combo that's only possible because of how high up the setter can get.
Nice set, Kogane!
A set that takes advantage of his height...
Thanks!
That huge setter's pretty interesting.
!!
Haikyuu
Second Season
H
a
S
e
i
c
k
y
o
n
u
d
S
e
!
a
s
o
n
Go, go, let's go! Let's go, Date Tech!
Date Tech             Aoba Jousai
We're gonna catch up!
Get a block here!
Give us a good serve, Jingo!
Got it!
Nice receive!
Yeah!
A setter dump!
And I was just thinking how he was laying low today.
Gotta say he's pretty calm.
It's infuriating.
One more point! One more point!
Date Tech                 Aoba Jousai
Now Seijou is at match point.
Calm down!
Take it one point at a time!
Right!
Give us a good serve, Hanamaki!
Olé!
Seijou has gotten better at serving as a whole.
Nice!
Cover it!
Yeah.
Left!
Futakuchi!
All right!
Go, Futakuchi!
Yeah!
All right!
You see our juniors?!
You'd better be watching!
And now, their first-year setter is back in the front row.
All right!
Give us a good serve, Onagawa!
Futakuchi's the ace and also good at blocking.
It goes without saying that Aone is the core of the Iron Wall.
And then there's the third section, Koganegawa.
Without a doubt, right now, they're the best wall of three blockers in the prefecture.
Give us a good one!
Sorry! It's a bit short!
Iwa!
Yeah!
I hit it!
Pants!
Got it!
Kogane!
Right!
Look, you don't need to tip it over when you do a setter dump.
Huh?
What?
Slam it down.
Whoa! This time, he smashed it down!
Even if you saw it coming, it'd be impossible to dig out.
Yeah! Do it again!
All right! Two in a row!
Date Tech                 Aoba Jousai
Hey.
Just play normally.
I'll take them on.
Roger that!
Oikawa set the ball away from the net to avoid it getting blocked, right?
Looks like Iwaizumi wasn't too fond of that move.
Well, it does make it harder to hit.
One more point!
Give us a good serve!
Got it!
Nice receive, Saku!
But it's gonna go over the net!
It's up!
Just one more!
Someone get it!
End it here!
Stop it!
Don't let them have it!
Iwa!
Yeah!
Right now, I'm basically a baby as a setter.
If there's anything that I'm not currently lacking compared to my upperclassmen,
it's my height!
We're not going to let it...
end here!
Your resolve is weak,
you first-year brat!
It...
It went right between his arms!
Yes!
That was awesome, Iwaizumi!
You awesome guy!
You're amazing, Iwaizumi!
Nice spike.
I guess I still have a lot to learn.
He took those three blockers head-on.
I hate to admit it, but that was awesome.
Date Tech             Aoba Jousai
Thank you very much for the match!
I guess we know who we'll face next.
Line up.
Ugh!
What do you mean, "ugh"?! Futakuchi, you asshole!
You still suck, Kogane!
I'm sorry!
And you totally have your hands full, Mr. New Captain.
Do you understand how important Moniwa was now?
I've known his worth for a while.
Good grief...
I see nothing but room for growth!
And there's definitely a lot of room to grow.
Keep working hard.
Work even harder than you have been.
You guys can form the best Iron Wall yet.
Let's go, then.
Huh?
The fact that you guys are here means you have time on your hands, right?
Let's go back so you can practice with us.
What?
I guess we don't have much of a choice!
Don't start stripping here.
Kamasaki, you haven't bulked up so much that you can't jump anymore, have you?
Huh? What do you mean?
Well, muscles are heavy.
What? Really?
I'll...
I'll get to the point where I can set any ball that comes my way!
And I'll be able to block!
So that I won't shame the title of the Iron Wall, I'll make sure I'm able to stop anyone,
no matter how big or strong they are!
Opponents that are hard to stop aren't always big or strong.
Hinata Shouyou...
I'll make sure to stop you next time.
Aoba Jousai                    Karasuno
I-Is everyone on edge for some reason?
Last time, they gave their all against Aoba Jousai,
yet they still lost.
Y-Yachi.
Yes?!
Do you have any antacids?
Are you all right, Yamaguchi?!
Shimizu!
Sorry, I'm just a little nervous.
I-I'm pretty confident when it comes to being nervous!
Huh? Confident about being nervous?
It's better to say something than keep it bottled up.
You'll feel much better if you instead say, "I'm so nervous! What should I do?!"
I often experience live-threatening fear because of my nerves, so I've done a lot of research.
Life-threatening?
Like sports festivals or tests!
Tests?
Well...
Yes?
In our interhigh prelims match against Seijou,
when the team was in trouble,
I was brought in as a pinch server for the first time.
Aoba Jousai                    Karasuno
We were only down a few points.
If I'd landed the serve, we might've been able to win.
But I blew it.
When I think about that happening again...
You...
You were put in charge of something that important?!
Yachi?!
I'm so nervous!
It feels like my heart is going to come right out of my mouth!
Swallow it down!
Do you need antacids?
A heart stimulant?! An AED?!
What's going on?!
Yachi's heart!
Her heart!
Calm down, Yamaguchi!
Should we call the cops?!
You mean an ambulance?
Hey, where're you going?
I wonder if nerves are like a cold and you get better when you give it to someone else.
You all seem better than before.
Why are you trying to explain this rationally?
Are you freaking out before the match too, Kageyama?
Yeah.
Oikawa's really good.
You sure can't handle the Great King, huh?
Well, not like it's any different for me.
You were looking forward to taking him on, weren't you?
You can't control what freaks you out.
"The team that's better as six is better."
Huh?
I overheard Iwaizumi say that to Oikawa once.
The team that's better as six is better, dumbass!
At the time, I was wondering why he said something so obvious.
Of course a team of six good players would be good.
But now I really understand him.
Iwaizumi wasn't talking about
adding everyone's strengths together.
He was talking about multiplying them.
No matter what team he's on, Oikawa can draw
out the strength of each spiker better than I can.
Really?
Even if you're right...
that only applies to teams other than us!
Okay, is everyone here?
It's almost time.
All right, let's go!
Yeah!
When I was just a nobody, something lit up my eyes
I was merely a guy languishing complacently in the dark, happy with what I had
Now I'm torn toward the heavens even on a starless night
Whether our time comes to us or not is a matter for those in another world
That's right, our lungs pumping and our hearts beating is all we have in this new realm
We've always been dancing on an unlit stage, but now beyond that
We're awaiting the rising of a sun that none have yet witnessed
Now that we're deliberating at a crossroads, paths blurring together
We can feel it
Inside this uncharted world which has yet to take on a name
As I'm waiting for the dawn to reach my eyes with a familiar light
I'm reminded of days I won't return to, and seeking proof of newfound existence
We brace ourselves
We're going to get revenge...
...with our new fast attack!
I'd like another pork bowl, ma'am!
You're eating way too much. That's your fourth one!
In order for me to become the best Iron Wall,
I'm gonna try to grow until I reach two meters tall!
What you need to grow is your skills, not your height.
Episode Twenty:
Sweep Clear
Next time on Haikyuu!!:
"Sweep Clear."